php-nginx/README.md, before:

# PHP NGINX

For PHP 7.0
```Dockerfile
FROM quay.io/continuouspipe/php7-nginx:v1.0
ARG GITHUB_TOKEN=

COPY . /app
RUN container build
```

For PHP 5.6
```Dockerfile
FROM quay.io/continuouspipe/php5.6-nginx:v1.0
ARG GITHUB_TOKEN=

COPY . /app
RUN container build
```

## How to build
```bash
# For PHP 7.0
docker-compose build php70_nginx
docker-compose push php70_nginx

# For PHP 5.6
docker-compose build php56_nginx
docker-compose push php56_nginx
```

## About

This is a Docker image for PHP (using the php-fpm SAPI) and Nginx. It uses, by
default, our recommended default configuration, including:

* A default HTTPS only website, with HTTP redirecting to HTTPS
* A self signed SSL certificate auto-generated on container start
* Nginx connecting to php-fpm using a private unix socket on the same container

## How to use

As for all images based on the ubuntu base image, see
[the base image README](../../ubuntu/16.04/README.md)

### Adding/replacing Nginx configuration

The image supports a single server (virtual host) by default:

/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/default

This server configuration is split out into separate component files:

* /etc/nginx/sites-available/default-05-custom_scheme_flags.conf
* /etc/nginx/sites-available/default-10-base.conf
* /etc/nginx/sites-available/default-20-rewriteapp.conf
* /etc/nginx/sites-available/default-30-phpfpm.conf

These are generated from confd templates, which can be manipulated via:

* environment variables
* inserting additional files matching the /etc/nginx/sites-available/default-*.conf
* replacing individual files


#### Environment variables

The following variables are supported

Variable | Description | Expected values | Default
--- | --- | --- | ----
WEB_HOST | The domain of the website | a domain | localhost
WEB_HTTP | Whether to support HTTP traffic on the WEB_HTTP_PORT. If auto, it's behaviour is the reverse setting of WEB_HTTPS, and if false, will redirect to HTTPS. | true/false/auto | auto
WEB_HTTP_PORT | The port to serve the HTTP traffic or redirect from | 0-65535 | 80
WEB_HTTPS | Whether to support HTTPS traffic on the WEB_HTTPS_PORT | true/false | true
WEB_HTTPS_PORT | The port to serve the HTTPS traffic from | 0-65535 | 443
WEB_HTTPS_OFFLOADED | Whether the HTTPS traffic has been forwarded without SSL | true/false | false
WEB_REVERSE_PROXIED | Whether to interpret X-Forwarded-Proto as the $custom_scheme and $custom_https emulation. | true/false | $WEB_HTTPS_OFFLOADED
WEB_SSL_FULLCHAIN | The location of the SSL certificate and intermediate chain file | absolute filename | /etc/ssl/certs/fullchain.pem
WEB_SSL_PRIVKEY | The location of the SSL private key file | absolute filename | /etc/ssl/private/privkey.pem

The project using the image can define these environment variables to control
what is rendered in the Nginx configuration

#### Inserting additional files

You can place additional files that match /etc/nginx/sites-available/default-*.conf,
which will be imported in order of filenames. Numbers are used in the filenames
in order to control the order. Placing a configuration with a lower number will
interpret it earlier in the configuration, as will a higher number later.

The project using the image can either insert static configuration directly, or
use confd to add templates which render to the right location.

#### Replacing individual files

You can replace the existing files in a project, but keep in mind that replacing
them means you wont get any updates from newer image versions, so it's better
to try and work out a generic solution to Pull Request to the dockerfile repository.

### SSL Certificates/key

By default the image will generate a self-signed certificate if the SSL certificate
chain ($WEB_SSL_FULLCHAIN) and private key ($WEB_SSL_PRIVKEY) don't already exist.

It will use a common name of $WEB_HOST.

For a valid SSL certificate, it's recommended if you can use Kubernetes secrets
or Hashicorp Vault to populate a secret volume to point the environment variables at.

### Basic authentication

This image has support for protecting websites with basic authentication.

To use this functionality:

1. Generate a suitable password string using a tool such as Lastpass.
2. Decide upon a username to authenticate with.
3. Run the following to generate the htpasswd line: `htpasswd -n <username>`
4. Provide this htpasswd line securely in the environment for this image as `AUTH_HTTP_HTPASSWD`
5. Also provide the following variable with some values either through docker-compose environment or in
   `/usr/local/share/env/`:
  ```
  export AUTH_HTTP_ENABLED=true
  ```
6. You may also optionally configure the following in the same way:
  ```
  export AUTH_HTTP_REALM=Protected System
  export AUTH_HTTP_FILE=/etc/nginx/custom-htpasswd-path
  ```

We also support using the basic auth delegate feature of NGINX, by providing: `AUTH_HTTP_REMOTE_URL`.
Pretty please make this a HTTPS URL!

### Custom build and startup scripts

To run commands during the build and startup sequences that the base images add,
please add `usr/local/share/container/plan.sh` for a project, or
`usr/local/share/container/baseimage-{number}.sh` if creating another base image.

This allows you to define and override bash functions that the base images add.

In addition to the bash functions defined in this base image's parent images:
* [the base image functions](../ubuntu/16.04/README.md#custom-build-and-startup-scripts)

This base image adds the following bash functions:

function | description | executed on
--- | --- | ---
do_composer | Runs composer install in /app if it's not been run yet | do_build, do_development_start
do_nginx | Runs nginx-related setup scripts | do_start
do_https_certificates | Ensures there are [HTTPS certificates](#ssl-certificateskey) | do_nginx
do_build_permissions | Ensures that /app is owned by the build user and not www-data or root, for security and ability to run composer as a non-root user | do_build, do_development_start

These functions can be triggered via the /usr/local/bin/container command, dropping off the "do_" part. e.g:

/usr/local/bin/container build # runs do_build
/usr/local/bin/container start_supervisord # runs do_start_supervisord

Commit message:

Add postfix as a sendmail (cli interface) SMTP relay
PHP's mail() function uses sendmail (cli interface) to send mail. We don't want the container to send mail directly, however some projects send mail during the web request without failure handling.

If a project sends mail via a queue or cron and is handling failures, it's acceptable for it to talk to the 3rd-party mail provider service directly.

This adds postfix only for sendmail (php mail();) relaying, and is disabled by default

Setting SENDMAIL_RELAY_HOST activates the postfix supervisor service, and other environment variables control it's authentication and security level

php-nginx/README.md, after:

# PHP NGINX

For PHP 7.0
```Dockerfile
FROM quay.io/continuouspipe/php7-nginx:v1.0
ARG GITHUB_TOKEN=

COPY . /app
RUN container build
```

For PHP 5.6
```Dockerfile
FROM quay.io/continuouspipe/php5.6-nginx:v1.0
ARG GITHUB_TOKEN=

COPY . /app
RUN container build
```

## How to build
```bash
# For PHP 7.0
docker-compose build php70_nginx
docker-compose push php70_nginx

# For PHP 5.6
docker-compose build php56_nginx
docker-compose push php56_nginx
```

## About

This is a Docker image for PHP (using the php-fpm SAPI) and Nginx. It uses, by
default, our recommended default configuration, including:

* A default HTTPS only website, with HTTP redirecting to HTTPS
* A self signed SSL certificate auto-generated on container start
* Nginx connecting to php-fpm using a private unix socket on the same container

## How to use

As for all images based on the ubuntu base image, see
[the base image README](../../ubuntu/16.04/README.md)

### Adding/replacing Nginx configuration

The image supports a single server (virtual host) by default:

/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/default

This server configuration is split out into separate component files:

* /etc/nginx/sites-available/default-05-custom_scheme_flags.conf
* /etc/nginx/sites-available/default-10-base.conf
* /etc/nginx/sites-available/default-20-rewriteapp.conf
* /etc/nginx/sites-available/default-30-phpfpm.conf

These are generated from confd templates, which can be manipulated via:

* environment variables
* inserting additional files matching the /etc/nginx/sites-available/default-*.conf
* replacing individual files


#### Environment variables

The following variables are supported

Variable | Description | Expected values | Default
--- | --- | --- | ----
WEB_HOST | The domain of the website | a domain | localhost
WEB_HTTP | Whether to support HTTP traffic on the WEB_HTTP_PORT. If auto, it's behaviour is the reverse setting of WEB_HTTPS, and if false, will redirect to HTTPS. | true/false/auto | auto
WEB_HTTP_PORT | The port to serve the HTTP traffic or redirect from | 0-65535 | 80
WEB_HTTPS | Whether to support HTTPS traffic on the WEB_HTTPS_PORT | true/false | true
WEB_HTTPS_PORT | The port to serve the HTTPS traffic from | 0-65535 | 443
WEB_HTTPS_OFFLOADED | Whether the HTTPS traffic has been forwarded without SSL | true/false | false
WEB_REVERSE_PROXIED | Whether to interpret X-Forwarded-Proto as the $custom_scheme and $custom_https emulation. | true/false | $WEB_HTTPS_OFFLOADED
WEB_SSL_FULLCHAIN | The location of the SSL certificate and intermediate chain file | absolute filename | /etc/ssl/certs/fullchain.pem
WEB_SSL_PRIVKEY | The location of the SSL private key file | absolute filename | /etc/ssl/private/privkey.pem
SENDMAIL_RELAY_HOST | The MTA host to relay PHP's mail() to. PHP mail() will return false if not set | a domain
SENDMAIL_RELAY_PORT | The MTA port to relay PHP's mail() to | 0-65535 | 25
SENDMAIL_RELAY_USER | The user to authenticate with the relay. Anonymous SMTP used if not set | relay's username
SENDMAIL_RELAY_PASSWORD | The password to authenticate with the relay | relay's password
SENDMAIL_RELAY_TLS_SECURITY_LEVEL | Controls whether to use TLS, and what authentication of TLS | http://www.postfix.org/postconf.5.html#smtp_tls_security_level | may

The project using the image can define these environment variables to control
what is rendered in the Nginx configuration

#### Inserting additional files

You can place additional files that match /etc/nginx/sites-available/default-*.conf,
which will be imported in order of filenames. Numbers are used in the filenames
in order to control the order. Placing a configuration with a lower number will
interpret it earlier in the configuration, as will a higher number later.

The project using the image can either insert static configuration directly, or
use confd to add templates which render to the right location.

#### Replacing individual files

You can replace the existing files in a project, but keep in mind that replacing
them means you wont get any updates from newer image versions, so it's better
to try and work out a generic solution to Pull Request to the dockerfile repository.

### SSL Certificates/key

By default the image will generate a self-signed certificate if the SSL certificate
chain ($WEB_SSL_FULLCHAIN) and private key ($WEB_SSL_PRIVKEY) don't already exist.

It will use a common name of $WEB_HOST.

For a valid SSL certificate, it's recommended if you can use Kubernetes secrets
or Hashicorp Vault to populate a secret volume to point the environment variables at.

### Basic authentication

This image has support for protecting websites with basic authentication.

To use this functionality:

1. Generate a suitable password string using a tool such as Lastpass.
2. Decide upon a username to authenticate with.
3. Run the following to generate the htpasswd line: `htpasswd -n <username>`
4. Provide this htpasswd line securely in the environment for this image as `AUTH_HTTP_HTPASSWD`
5. Also provide the following variable with some values either through docker-compose environment or in
   `/usr/local/share/env/`:
  ```
  export AUTH_HTTP_ENABLED=true
  ```
6. You may also optionally configure the following in the same way:
  ```
  export AUTH_HTTP_REALM=Protected System
  export AUTH_HTTP_FILE=/etc/nginx/custom-htpasswd-path
  ```

We also support using the basic auth delegate feature of NGINX, by providing: `AUTH_HTTP_REMOTE_URL`.
Pretty please make this a HTTPS URL!

### Custom build and startup scripts

To run commands during the build and startup sequences that the base images add,
please add `usr/local/share/container/plan.sh` for a project, or
`usr/local/share/container/baseimage-{number}.sh` if creating another base image.

This allows you to define and override bash functions that the base images add.

In addition to the bash functions defined in this base image's parent images:
* [the base image functions](../ubuntu/16.04/README.md#custom-build-and-startup-scripts)

This base image adds the following bash functions:

function | description | executed on
--- | --- | ---
do_composer | Runs composer install in /app if it's not been run yet | do_build, do_development_start
do_nginx | Runs nginx-related setup scripts | do_start
do_https_certificates | Ensures there are [HTTPS certificates](#ssl-certificateskey) | do_nginx
do_build_permissions | Ensures that /app is owned by the build user and not www-data or root, for security and ability to run composer as a non-root user | do_build, do_development_start

These functions can be triggered via the /usr/local/bin/container command, dropping off the "do_" part. e.g:

/usr/local/bin/container build # runs do_build
/usr/local/bin/container start_supervisord # runs do_start_supervisord
